when I'm driving my xc60 I feel so
confident and you know what this car
really makes me feel like a smarter more
aware driver I know I'm not the only one
with a hectic lifestyle sometimes we all
feel like we're on the go 20 hours a day
any innovation that helps with the
distractions of one day driving well
it's a blessing there are so many things
I love about this car particularly the
smart features most of which come as
standard they are really incredibly
helpful without interfering with my
driving experience in fact you don't
even know they're there until you need
them take something simple like the
adaptive digital display like my driving
mood well it can change it gives me
different setups and feedback to
complement the driving style I choose
sometimes I'm feeling sporty sometimes
stylish and sometimes I want the xc60 to
complement my environmentally friendly
side I usually Drive with my adaptive
digital display set to Eco in this
setting the car gives me all the
information I need to get from A to B
but in the most fuel efficient manner
and I know I'm reaching my fuel economy
milestones because my car gives me
positive feedback in the shape of an e
icon letting me know that I'm doing my
part the planet
but also for my bank account of course
the xc60 also comes standard with rear
parking sensors and a reverse parking
camera give you peace of mind whether
your adversity into a tight space while
you're driving in areas where children
might be present
there's even an option cross traffic
alert that uses a radar to tell you if
the whole street is clear before
reversing from a car park can also - if
another vehicle is driving in your blind
spot city safety is another feature in
my xc60 that i can't live without this
system is essentially another set of
eyes on the road that never get
distracted city safety can reduce damage
in seventy five percent of all traffic
accidents or even prevent low-speed
collisions altogether the system uses
infrared lasers to track vehicles ahead
of me and it takes control but only if I
don't apply the brakes in time to avoid
a collision or to seriously reduce
damage if one is unavoidable I even went
extra step and chose to complement my
city safety by adding adaptive cruise
control with cue assist and cyclist
detection adaptive cruise controller
senses the distance from my car to the
car in front while I'm safe
crews and adjusts my speed to match so
I'm not constantly adjusting my speed by
either slowing down or speeding up I
simply set a speed and the distance I'd
like to keep from the vehicle in front
of me and the system makes sure that I
keep that desired distance once the lane
is clear my car accelerates up to my set
cruise speed and if the car I'm
following suddenly breaks well adaptive
cruise control has me covered and it
applies a brakes for me even bringing me
to a total stop to avoid a collision if
I arrive at my destination to find I'm
queuing in traffic while queue assist
takes control and smoothly negotiates
the braking and accelerating of my car
in heavy traffic
now I'm not constantly shuffling my foot
between the brake and the accelerator
pedals and I can better focus on my
surroundings and the lane that I need to
be in if a cyclist or pedestrian gets
distracted it ends up in my path my
Volvo has eyes on them too and it will
help me avoid them keeping a drivers
eyes on the road was at the top of the
list when Volvo's engineers were
thinking of features to help us drive
smarter an RSI is another great example
of this now iris I stands for road sign
information and it works by reading
speed limit signs for you while you're
driving
RSI displays a speed limit on your
adaptive digital display and it lets you
know if you've accidentally crept too
close to the limit these are just a few
of the progressive features that Volvo
is pioneering to help us all drive
smarter to learn more about these
features and many more elements that can
make your driving more enjoyable click
the options below
you